and sup guys and that's here to show you
how to make these fast well oh my
picture some shots and action pump pump
back pump action chocolate
okay so um pull this up and people oh
yeah where you're going to need paper Oh
some pins and tape scissors so roll some
paper up to tube like this I made a
bigger paper you want to do a long it's
gonna be the manger
just a second here
okay bit bigger
so we have two tubes next one hand
to above the size you want how long here
is best 12 to be so I'd say like what's
the stock is going to be like here
oh yeah say this is about good two and a
half feet
so let's take that together
okay so where the things going to be you
want to cut a hole so like where the
whole thing really hard to cut all right
longer
okay there you go so I'm really sucky Oh
cut it roughly there see the edges a bit
okay so you got your hole now you want
to make a second - so you want it kind
of just a bit shorter strings a lot
[Music]
okay
so I'm going to choose to give they're
looking there we go
so measure it up same like here that
looks about fit so it's at slow tips up
together and see some more in part two
don't forget to comment rate and
subscribe